Apache HTTPD
Apache HTTPD is a server application program, or daemon, that manages web page requests on an Apache web server.
Section 3.2.2.1
C
A compiled computer programming language. C is the language in which Linux is written.
Section 3.5
Firefox
An open source, cross-platform web browser developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
Section 3.2.3.4
GIMP
An open source application which handles 2D image manipulation.
Section 3.2.3.2
Java
A compiled, object-oriented programming language owned by Oracle.
Section 3.5
JavaScript
A cross-platform scripting language for adding interactive elements to web pages, that is in wide use across the internet.
Section 3.5
LibreOffice
An open source office suite forked from Open Office. It includes tools that strive for compatibility with Microsoft Office in both features and file formats.
Section 3.2.3.3
MariaDB
An open source database application forked from MySQL. It records data written to it by dynamic web applications.
Section 3.2.2.3
MySQL
A relational database management system used for web development.
Section 3.2.2.3
NFS
The native file sharing protocol for Unix and Linux. Short for Network File System.
Section 3.2.2.5
NGINX
An open source web server based out of Russia focused on the use of more modern UNIX kernels.
Section 3.2.2.1
Nextcloud
An open source private cloud server software forked from ownCloud. It is provided under a GNU AGPLv3 that can be deployed and administered internally by an organization.
Section 3.2.2.2
OpenOffice.org
An open source office suite which has been discontinued.
Section 3.2.3.3
PHP
A scripting language designed to create dynamic web pages.
Section 3.5
Perl
An interpreted programming language popular with system adminsitrators. It was orginally developed to perform text manipulation.
Section 3.5
Python
A scripting language which simplifies complex tasks, has excellent statistical processing, and it popular in academia.
Section 3.5
Samba
A file sharing application ideal for use with Windows systems.
Section 3.2.2.5
Thunderbird
A full-featured, open source desktop email client developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
Section 3.2.3.1
apt-get
A front-end program for Debian package management.
Section 3.4.1
console
Traditionally used to refer to a physical terminal.
Section 3.1.1
dpkg
The package management system used on Debian derived Linux distributions.
Section 3.4.1
ownCloud
An open source file hosting service. The project was launched in 2010 by Frank Karlitschek to provide software to store, sync and share data from private cloud servers.
Section 3.2.2.2
password issues

Section 3.6.1
privacy issues and tools

Section 3.6.2
rpm
The package management system used on Red Hat derived Linux distributions. According to the Linux Standards Base, the standard package management system is RPM.
Section 3.4.2
shell
The user interface of a Linux system. It interacts with the user by accepting commands, passes them to the kernel for execution, and displays any output to the terminal.
Section 3.3.1
terminal
The environment or device in which the user interacts with the software. It can also refer to a graphical program which emulates a console.
Section 3.1.1
use of common open source applications in presentations and projects

Section 3.2.3.3
using a browser, privacy concerns, configuration options, searching the web and saving content

Section 3.6.2
yum
A front-end tool for RPM package management.
Section 3.4.2